add notes about config caching to config and faq pages (#504)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/troubleshooting/faq.mdx

</Task>

</Tasks>

## Why don't I see my configuration changes in the browser?

> The [storefront configuration](/setup/configuration/commerce-configuration/#configuration-caching) is cached by the Edge CDN with a `max-age=7200` (2 hours) cache control header and is also stored in [session storage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage).

Reviewer: It seems like the info about the session storage is duplicated by the next paragraph.   Can you get rid of one instance?

```suggestion
The [storefront configuration](/setup/configuration/commerce-configuration/#configuration-caching) is cached by the Edge CDN with a `max-age=7200` (2 hours) cache control header.
```

> When the storefront configuration is loaded in the browser, it is stored in [session storage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage). This means the configuration persists until the browser session is cleared or the page is refreshed after the expiration of the CDN cache. You can verify the current configuration by accessing `<site.com>/config.json` directly in your browser. This will show you the current configuration being served by the CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the storefront configuration is loaded in the browser, it is stored in [session storage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/sessionStorage). This means that the configuration persists until the browser session is cleared, or the page is refreshed after the expiration of the CDN cache. You can verify the current configuration by accessing `<site.com>/config.json` directly in your browser. This will show you the current configuration being served by the CDN.
```

> **For developers:** If you make changes to your configuration and don't see them reflected in the browser, first check if the CDN cache has expired by accessing `<site.com>/config.json` directly in your browser. If the configuration has updated on the CDN, then you need to manually clear the session storage. You can do this by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For developers:** If your configuration changes are not reflected in the browser, check for CDN cache expiration by accessing `<site.com>/config.json` directly in your browser. If the updated configuration is available on the CDN, manually clear the session storage:
```

- Opening browser developer tools
- Going to the Application/Storage tab
- Clearing session storage for your domain

> - Refreshing the page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the browser developer tools.
1. Select the **Application** tab, then select **Storage**.
1. Clear the session storage for your domain.
1. Refresh the page.
```

> **For end users:** They would need to clear their browser session (close and reopen the browser, or clear browsing data) to see configuration changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For end users:** Clear the browser session by closing and reopening the browser, or clear the browsing data to see configuration changes.
```
